so we're inside the kitchen at bob's red
mill and bob is here along with laurie
and we are talking flaxie today Bob
you're the expert on what goes into the
bag tell me about flaxseed thanks Nick
flaxseed is one of the finest foods and
probably missed in most diets it is a
great food this is flaxseed the golden
flax seed and then we have the brown
flaxseed and you can use them in in your
cereals use them in your baking and
cooking and everything the omega-3 fatty
acids in in this product are just
wonderful they're great for your heart
your cholesterol it has unique to cut
types of fiber the soluble fiber and
just a regular fiber we got kids we got
company and we want to have some little
fun so we're going to fix cereal and
we're going to fix muffins and whatnot
and let's see how we can do that we have
a little 1295 coffee grinder and we can
put I'm going to put a couple spoonfuls
in here like this it's very easy and
it's wonderful this is the flax golden
flax seed itself now this is the whole
seed right you can just write a pre gran
but it's great fun to a home let's take
much we want to break it up there we are
anyway that's what we do now i'm going
to give this to lori because she's going
to demonstrate some things for you these
are very easy ways to use flaxseed meal
our very favorite is with Hawking cook
cereal and we just take it out after
it's cooked put it in a bowl and add a
couple of tablespoons it's very very
easy very nutritious and as Bob said
it's great for the cholesterol I'm just
going to add a couple of teaspoons and
we mix it all in put your milk and
anything else you want in with it it's
very easy to do that's really great
another thing that we do with flaxseed
meal is you can put it into a smoothie
couple tablespoons and a breakfast
smoothies very easy there are the final
muffins these are the final muffins are
you made out of that muffin really good
don't they excellent well I've learned a
lot from both of you on flaxseed if you
want more information you can go to
Bob's Red Mill com or Northwest cooks TV
com and you
find out what's in the bag and some good